For the torso I think all we'll need is a cube.
So let's press Shift A and go to mesh cube and I'll hit the Z key and go to wireframe.
Now let's try and put this in place.
I think I'll just drag it straight up and let's scale it down until we get it about the right width
for the base of the object right down here.
I just want to get it about the right width here and that that doesn't look too bad.
Let's get it right about there okay.
Now we just need to bring this down and scale it in so I'll tab into edit mode.
I'll hit the three key to go to base mode and I'll just select that face right up here.
There it is.
Go back to the front view and I'll just with the move tool enabled over here I'll just click and drag
and drag it down to here and then we can scale it in the X by pressing X and X and then pulling in like
this and we go okay.
So now we have it like this.
It's a little too wide.
So let's tab back into edit mode it the Z key go to solid view and now it's scale and the Y I'll hit
the three key to go to the side view and we can come over here and just click the scale tool and then
click and drag on the y axis right here and I think it's usually about this wide it's kind of hard to
tell exactly how wide this should be from our front view image you can kind of bring that in like this.
I think that'll work pretty well.
Let's go back to the front view and now we need I think another cube for the hips here for the belt
so let's press shift a mesh cube at the Z key.
Go to wireframe and I'll click on the move tool over here and let's just click and drag and I'm going
to put the center of this cube right in the center of the belt buckle right there and hit s and scale
down until we're about the right width apart like that.
Now the scale in the Zi I'll hit s and z and move the mouse down until we get it about the right height
about like that.
There we go.
Now once again we need to change the width in the Y.
So let's come over here to the side view again and let's press x and y and then we can move that in
like this.
There we go
and now that we have these fairly nice rounded curves up here on the head these very sharp angles on
the torso just seem to be a little bit too much actually.
In fact we don't want to do is let's let's bring in another reference image.
I'm going to click and drag this and then hover right over here on the corner of that window and tell
the cursor turns to a cross then I'm going to click and drag down to create a new window.
And in here I'm going to change to an image editor.
So now we have an image editor in this window and we can bring in a new image.
I'll go to image open and let's go to that folder and in here under reference images.
Let's click here so we can see it.
I've got this one right here.
This is kind of a three quarter view so we can kind of get a sense of how it looks at a slightly different
angle.
I'll bring that in by clicking open image.
And there we go.
We can scroll the mouse wheel to zoom in or out and you can see here right in here the edges of the
torso have kind of a a rounded feel to them.
So I think we could maybe add that here as well with the beveled tool again.
So let's select that torso and tab and edit mode.
I'll hit the two key to go to edge mode and I'm just going to hit the A key to select all of the edges.
Now that we've done that.
Let's go ahead and Bevel this.
I'll press control B and I'll drag the mouse out just a little bit.
Now I'm seeing a couple of issues here one we've got two mini segments I think we don't need that many
segments and two I feel like the curve we're getting here isn't exactly proportional or centered on
that edge.
And I think the reason why if we get the in key here and tab back into object mode you can see that
the scale is off and tools like the bevel tool are affected by our scale here for the object.
Well let's do it.
Let me just press control Z and let's undo a bit and then I'm going to tab back into object mode and
let's try applying the scale and doing this again I'll press control a to bring up the apply menu and
then I'm just going to apply the scale and what that does is it changes all of these two ones.
And it says to blender that this new size and shape of the object is the default scale of the object
now.
So now if we tab back into edit mode with all the edges still selected we'll press control B and drag
out a bit and it's a little bit tough to tell but you see how this curve now is a little more centered
and proportional on the edge.
So that's all I wanted there.
Now do we need four segments.
We can take it down to three and see how it how it looks.
Let's try that.
I'll go back to object mode with tab key.
And how does it look at it.
I think it looks pretty good.
But we we probably need to do a little more smoothing again.
I mean at the end to close that panel and then I'll right click and choose shade smooth and let's see
that looks pretty good just straight out of the box as it were.
I'm going to come down here to the normals section and turn on auto smooth.
You can drag all the way down and then drag back up and see what we can get here yeah.
It looks like that's about what we want right there.
OK so now maybe we can go back to the front view and create this cylinder here.
Now it's kind of cutting up into the hips right in here I don't know if you can see that.
I might need to find another image here.
Let's go back see if I can find another image that'll show how it's being cut in.
Let me open this one here yes.
So you can see here just a little bit how the leg kind of cuts into that hips area right there so we're
gonna need to do a boolean for that but before we do let's go ahead and create this center cylinder
and we'll then use this to create that boolean cut the press shift a and bring in a cylinder we've got
it at sixteen sides with a triangle fan that's probably just fine.
I'm going to go back to wireframe with the Z key and I want to turn this now 90 degrees in the y axis.
If I hit the end key to open up the sidebar you can see if I click and drag in the y axis.
This is the way I want to turn it like this.
So if I just press controls ze I can go back to where it was but what I want to do is press are 9 0
and that will rotate the object 90 degrees based on my viewport here.
Now if I hit the escape key and go back to here what I can do is tumble around here and if I do this
again here in the 3D view watch what happens are 9 0 and hit enter.
It turns once again based on the viewport.
So let's control Z that.
So if I were in this viewport here and I wanted to turn it I could press r y 9 0 and now it'll turn
in the y axis as if we're in this view let's it s and I'll scale that down quite a bit and then I'll
hit S and X and scale it in.
Let's bring that up and see if we can get it to be about the right size maybe about like this.
So it cuts up into that hips area just a bit.
I mean make it a little bit bigger.
Bring this up some.
So that is I think about what we want.
Let me hit the Z key and go to solid view.
I'm just taking a look and seeing if that's big enough small enough.
Actually you know what I think.
I'd like to do is make this just a little bit bigger.
Let's go back to that front view and push it up just a little bit farther.
And then I'll scale it in the X with S and X until it's just about like this and here we go.
I just wanted to be able to cut up into this piece and also to not have a cut at an edge so I don't
want to make that cut right at this edge or right at this edge.
I want to have the cut happen between them.
You see how I've got this edge right here above here.
That's what I want.
All right.
So in the next video what let's do is we'll use this object.
We will duplicate it and use it to make that curved cut into the belt here.